Update community.mdx (#679)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/community.mdx

- Check out our forum, [Discuss](https://discuss.pomerium.com/), where the community explores Pomerium's uses and shares their best practices.

## Community Office Hours

Pomerium runs community office hours to provide Q&A to community members who are using or contributing to [Pomerium Core](https://github.com/pomerium).

### **Where**

> Office hours are held in #community-office-hours in the [Pomerium Community Slack](https://slack.pomerium.io/), in conjunction with a Zoom video conference [(get an email invite here)](https://www.pomerium.com/pomerium-community-office-hours/(opens in a new tab)).

Author: ```suggestion
Office hours are held in #community-office-hours in the [Pomerium Community Slack](https://slack.pomerium.io/), in conjunction with a Zoom video conference. [Sign up here](https://www.pomerium.com/pomerium-community-office-hours/).

```
